All right let's start by creating a public Soap Net so to do that.
I'm going to go to my PPC class and I'm going to implement a generic method that I can use both for
public and private subnets.
So I'm going to name this method as create subnet
and as for the arguments I'm going to decide after seeing the client parameters.
So let's just type in self underscore client and then create subnet.
All right.
So as you can see after the dry run the first arguments that the mother is expecting are we PC ID and
the side or block.
Other than that if you're not curious about the availability zones or IP 6 or IP for cyder blocks let's
just only pro-white the PPC ID and the IP for side road blocks.
That's because all we need to create a subnet in the IP version 4 perspective.
So let's go down below and for the VPC I-T let's imagine we're going to have a BPC ID argument and for
side or block.
Again let's say we're going to pass in a side or block argument from our method.
So let's go up to our arguments and say we want to pass in a BPC ID and then of course we're going to
pass in a side or block just like that.
So this is going to help to create a subnet or be public or a private one.
So let's go up here like the tradition of.
Let's just say creating
a subnet
for the PC.
And of course the BPC ID and with cyder block
and let's just fix that typo and let's say cyder block just like that.
So this method is going to help us create a subnet.
We want providing the correct Ribisi ID.
And of course the cyder block as you can see here.
So let's go back to our main class main implementation and from there let's just for his command tell
what we're going to do create a public subnet just like that.
And after that of course I'm going to take the response of public subnet call to AWOS and I'm going
to say public underscore subnet underscore response and then I'm going to simply call the method that
I just wrote create subnet.
Here we go and I'm going to pass in the VPC ID and 4-D side or block I'm going to say since we have
the bay side or blog as if we go and check that we have the 10.0 that 0.0 slash 16.
So we have to pro-lie something in between $4 for those IP ranges.
And of course thinking about the private submittals Also we're going to have to be careful about our
IP blocks and I'm going to say 10 dot 0 dot 1.0 and slash 24.
All right so debt is almost debt for our public subnet creation.
And let's also print printout the actions happened after the response of subnet creation subnet
created and let's just fix that typo for PPC and UPC ID.
And after that let's just pass in response to our print call and public submit response.
And of course this is again a dictionary.
So we just wrap it up with string.
Casting.
And here we go our soap net call is ready.